# I am Dallas Jazz Austin

### My Michanics
 In Elementary school, I received my only "B" grade in English as a fifth grader. My flawless report card was sullied because of one subset of the subject; the spelling test. Spelling remains one of my biggest faults in the subject and has resulted in my full support of the **spellcheck** feature.   

While spelling trouble has nearly faded into obscurity with the onset of electronic writing, misusing words has increasingly become a problem in the editorial phase. I find that spellcheck does not help me decide _weather or not to have appeal pie for desert or knot._ Mistakes like those are common in my writing. I tend to lack in the editorial phase no matter how many times I reread my work.  

My most prolific shortcoming has to be my Derridean take on the English language. While I feel that I have no lacking in my use of words or phrasing, I tend to do it in a way that is frustrating to read. I am not the easiest read, so peer reviews end up failing due to my type of elevated style. When I move out of my style, I drift more toward mimicking someone else’s style.   

### What I Write
My favorite type of writing is in a style I call **rantings**. When doing this style, I use the persona _J. T. Ranting_ to create a free-flowing argument that is purely in attack mode. While the structure is still in a Rogerian format, it relies heavily on comically ripping into a subject from ridiculous angles. For example: constructing a Derridean deconstructing of Eric Carle's, _"The Very Hungry Caterpillar"_ for a major essay; which I did; just because I can; and got an A. (The peer reviewers could not understand a single paragraph)     

### What I'm Improving On
As I have previously stated, I tend to erect quite convoluted concepts in my writing, which is a problem in terms of audience. When my peer reviews are unreadable, it defeats the purpose of the task. That said, I have been making strides in broadening my Platonic diction. I am also working on my proof reading which is severely under a collegiate level. To do so, I am incorporating tools available such as _the Hemmingway App,_ and _read aloud features_ to close in on an audience appropriate structure. 
